hello everyone hello omar hello hello a
all
we are here today in the vodafone store of
san babila in milan for a very event
important the exclusive launch of a
important product for you for lg
we are absolutely going to launch the
first curved smartphone in the wallet
of lg and we will do it at the beginning of
next year we have the opportunity
today in the vodafone
store to be able to present it in preview
and we are very happy about this
this product as say satisfies
needs that have been developing from
part of smartphone users who
are the screen size
usability and resistance in what way
you have met these needs
but let's say it's our smartphone
lgg flex is absolutely a polish that
meets new needs of ours
consumers is a technological concentrate
first of all it has a curved screen
flexible, precisely 6 inches wide
so that allows to have
an excellent multimedia experience
above all it also allows for the single
person to differentiate is to hold on
completely different smartphone hand
by others therefore it is a concentrate of
technology but also a concentrate of
design because it allows for the first
time to have something different in the
smartphone world that we know
more often they are homologated between
their
in this regard as you see lg il
near future of this sector that has
a speed of development evolution
incredible now we are looking at second
me interpreting in the right way the
market we are having awards
on the Italian market our share of
market is growing what
we are doing in my opinion is what
must be done this is a market
absolutely dynamic that is renewed by
quarter in the quarter so let's try
to give news to our quarters every quarter
consumers this quarter is last
October we launched lg g2 which is
was definitely an innovative product
from a design point of view with i
physical keys on the back of the
phone
now from next year we will have the
new g flex that definitely a novelty
because it has the technological content
absolutely advanced display
flexible but not just display
flexible inside the phone there is
also a flexible battery that
really allows you to be able to use
the phone in multimedia mode for
long time and this new smartphone
will debut in Italy in partnership with
vodafone what do you think of this
initiative we absolutely are a lot
happy that vodafone immediately
our initiative is ours
launch of such an innovative product
vodafone wall
appear in the eyes of consumers like
leading company in innovation
lg is absolutely a leading company since
innovation point of view therefore a
perfect marriage
thanks a lot thanks to you